---
layout: page
title: Freelancer in Los Angeles - 26
date:   2015-12-03 20:16:36 -0800
categories: post
comments: True

---

### What do you like to do in your free time?
<p>I read. I have knowledge FOMO (fear of missing out) and want to spend my time processing as much information as possible. 

I also like to hike and climb mountains, I don't know what it is about getting to the top of a mountain or killer view - but it's very satisfying. </p>

### What do you know the most about?
<p>I understand a lot about how psychology effects design, good and bad. </p>

### What do you like about the Listserve?
<p>I like seeing people experiment with the Listserve. Perhaps more than that, I like the community that makes-up the Listserve, but I don't know much about it unfortunately. 

I only get to see a snapshot of a fraction of the community once a day. Maybe if there were a way for the listserve as a community to better communicate amongst itself. This is not to suggest we should make a sub-reddit or something like that, because that would disrupt the elegant design of the 1 email/day for the listserve, which I quite like. 

I like ideas, the ones that make you think... like 'hello prompt' I guess. </p>

### What do you NOT like about the Listserve?
<p>Well... I definitely don't read all of them. I don't really care for poetry, banana bread recipes, and I'm quite content with my music tastes. I also don't really like messages from people that try to give me life advice or hearing about people personal agendas. 
</p>

### Why are you interested in this project?
<p>I like it's potential to create something cool. I also like that the project has the ability to bring similar interesting people together. Aaaand I like how the project is a mechanism for learning about design thinking. </p>

### Age
<p>Why hasn't growth been sustained? Is it something people don't like about it? Why do people unsubscribe?</p>

[Back][1]

[1]: /home/responders/all