---
layout: page
title: Trade Marketing Executive in London, UK - 23
date:   2015-12-03 20:16:36 -0800
categories: post
comments: True

---

### What do you like to do in your free time?
<p>Spend time with friends, read, see family, watch movies.</p>

### What do you know the most about?
<p>People. Learning about people, strangers or people i've known for years, is my absolute passion. I read people well, am fairly intuitive, know how to connect with and build rapport with people, and tend to be very trusted by people. People are what I live for. </p>

### What do you like about the Listserve?
<p>Hearing stories from PEOPLE of different backgrounds, with different stories. Understanding a person that little bit more. Are most people like me? Do they go through the same struggles I do? Reading something really creative grabs me too. I love learning things through the listserve.</p>

### What do you NOT like about the Listserve?
<p>Sometimes stories are too long. Other times I've heard it before. Other times it's on a topic I'm just not interested in.</p>

### Why are you interested in this project?
<p>Not sure yet if I am. I love connecting with people and was intrigued by your email. If it continues to intrigue me I'll have a better answer for you. I also like being involved in interesting things that most people aren't involved in. </p>

### If there were Listserve 'Gods' and you could ask them a question, what would it be?
<p>Hmmmmmmmm good question.</p>

[Back][1]

[1]: /responders/all