---
layout: page
title: Registered Nurse in Boston, MA - 33
date:   2015-12-03 20:16:36 -0800
categories: post
---

### What do you like to do in your free time?
<p>I'm an avid swing dancer and knitter. I also make amateur art of different varieties (pottery, painting, drawing, collage). Baking is also a favorite activity.

I also love to be active including; running, biking, hiking (I did 3.5 weeks on the Appalachian Trail this summer...my trail name was Starry eyes). Did I mention swing dancing? ;)</p>

### What do you know the most about?
<p>I know the most about the human body and health systems. My first B.S. degree is in Nutrition and Dietetics. My second is in Nursing. I'm currently working on a Master's of Nursing and will be a Family Nurse Practitioner in a short 6 months(?!?!)

I also worked at the Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation for 5 years before returning to school. There I learned about Global Health and the way health systems (or the lack there of) impact other nations. </p>

### What do you like about the Listserve?
<p>I love hearing from people from around the globe. People are such amazing creatures. </p>

### What do you NOT like about the Listserve?
<p>The only thing I don't like is when people use the Listserve to promote their business. It feels a bit disingenuous. </p>

### Why are you interested in this project?
<p>I'm interested in people, logistics, systems and research. </p>

### If there were Listserve 'Gods' and you could ask them a question, what would it be?
<p>I can't think of anything right now.</p>

[Back][1]

[1]: /responders/all