---
layout: page
title: Theater Artist in Washington, DC - 32
date:   2015-12-03 20:16:36 -0800
categories: post
comments: True

---

### What do you like to do in your free time?
<p>Engage my autodidact tendencies. Meet people. Make stuff.</p>

### What do you know the most about?
<p>Physical theater. Being present. Group dynamics.</p>

### What do you like about the Listserve?
<p>It's like Omegle for the severely introverted: I get to meet someone without having to do the work or expose myself (not like that). And it's a meet that isn't governed or influenced by my own daily schedule and proclivities: I can meet someone who has literally no connection to my daily life.

I have a theory that everyone is interesting when they tell you what they are passionate about. Sometimes [The Listserve] proves that.

And currently, I'm horribly trapped in my everyday life without good community. [The Listserve] helps me to not feel so isolated.</p>

### What do you NOT like about the Listserve?
<p>Moralizing dumbass remarks that try to give blanket advice and take too many words to do it.</p>

### Why are you interested in this project?
<p>I like making. I like connecting. I need to have a voice in something because I've had so little agency for too long.</p>

### If there were Listserve 'Gods' and you could ask them a question, what would it be?
<p>So many people who write for [The Listserve] seem dull-normal: like the everyday folks I meet who don't seem interested in anything that isn't posted on FB or happened at their workplace. Yet, these people I (rightly or wrongly) assess as dull-normal follow [The Listserve]. Why? What is it they like and get out of it?

(I swear, I'm not mean or misanthropic. But a project like this demands honesty, and in this case, I don't see how my opinion might hurt anyone's feelings. I'll retract if I have misunderstood the format and my remarks might cause someone hurt.)</p>

[Back][1]

[1]: /home/responders/all