---
layout: page
title: IT Business Analyst, Communication Advisor, Happiness Ambassador in The Hague, The Netherlands (but also sometimes CA, USA; Moscow, Russia) - 25
date:   2015-12-03 20:16:36 -0800
categories: post
comments: True

---

### What do you like to do in your free time?
<p>The new things! I love trying new experiences, going to new places, trying new food... and I love people - open, smiling and positively energized people!

I also like painting, spending time outdoors, hiking, bouldering, traveling, making dinners with friends...</p>

### What do you know the most about?
<p>I believe there is always a room to learn, but I believe I can share some knowledge about communications, UX, marketing especially in IT.</p>

### What do you like about the Listserve?
<p>I like the variety and amount of people's backgrounds and ideas that are shared through Listserve. really opens you mind to the world. But I am even more amazed of the talent potential hidden in that community - and I believe this project can reveal it.</p>

### What do you NOT like about the Listserve?
<p>lengthy emails where you loose the storyline...
But seriously, cant think of something now.</p>

### Why are you interested in this project?
<p>I have always be curious about ways of unlocking the people's potential. Also in engaging with people who are same passionate about bringing good to the world. When such an opportunity arises I cannot miss it.</p>

### If there were Listserve 'Gods' and you could ask them a question, what would it be?
<p>What was the initial idea/goal when Listserve was created and have you reached it? Did it transform by now? </p>

[Back][1]

[1]: /responders/all