---
layout: page
title: Mechanical Engineer in Atlanta, USA - 25
date:   2015-12-03 20:16:36 -0800
categories: post
comments: True

---

### What do you like to do in your free time?
<p>Play folk music in several bands (guitar, violin, stand up bass)
Go to shows/concerts
Read
Talk to strangers about everything and nothing
Learning a new skill (currently languages: Spanish and German)
Design small gadgets and pieces to be made on my 3D printer</p>

### What do you know the most about?
<p>I'm pretty good in MATLAB, MathCAD, and have a little experience in VBA (but it's been a long time since I've used it).
I also have a good amount of experience using different CAD software

I know a lot about the history of traditional American Folk music, and learning more about it and its history has become a minor obsession lately.

I know a fair amount about elevators (I work for an elevator company) and sometimes use design thinking in my work to find solutions to problems encountered by mechanics and technicians in the field. 

I'm not sure how much of this can help me contribute to the project, but I'm a quick learner if anything seems "close enough" to something else that would directly apply.</p>

### What do you like about the Listserve?
<p>I love hearing stories about people in different corners of the world. It's interesting to learn not only about their experiences, but about how they interpret these experiences and how these experiences make them feel.</p>

### What do you NOT like about the Listserve?
<p>I strongly dislike religious posts and life-advice posts.</p>

### Why are you interested in this project?
<p>I have been challenging myself to try new things for the past few years.  I have always loved the idea of projects like this which are community driven, though I have never had the opportunity to participate in the past.  I am also interested in improving my programming skills and learning more about how projects like these are managed, so this seemed like a good time to join.

</p>

### If there were Listserve 'Gods' and you could ask them a question, what would it be?
<p>Why did you let me win the listserve?</p>

[Back][1]

[1]: /home/responders/all