---
layout: page
title: Music teacher in Worcester, MA, US - 27
date:   2015-12-03 20:16:36 -0800
categories: post
comments: True

---

### What do you like to do in your free time?
<p>I don't have much free time- as a musician/composer/educator there is always more to be doing, writing, planning, etc. All "time off" comes with a side of guilt!</p>

### What do you know the most about?
<p>Music- specifically, the art of composition, the art of playing percussion [more specifically, marimba], the art of teaching marching bands and drum corps, and arranging for front ensembles.</p>

### What do you like about the Listserve?
<p>The randomness. Been subscribed since before day 0. I've read every single email, and even responded to a few. My favorites are when there is community engagement- such as the picnic, the postcard project, and the web scavenger hunt.</p>

### What do you NOT like about the Listserve?
<p>The incessant pleading, the entries that seem like not much time was put into it. I think links should be allowed, depending on what they are- maybe a limit on how many? I just feel like there is something missing... probably more along the lines of community engagement.</p>

### Why are you interested in this project?
<p>Having read every single email since day 0, I'm invested in the Listserve and want to see the number of subscribers rise! Also, when/if I ever get picked, I hope that it will have evolved into something that is more able to transmit my message. i.e. the power of links (as a musician, my strengths do not necessarily include prose).</p>

### If there were Listserve 'Gods' and you could ask them a question, what would it be?
<p>When will I be chosen???</p>

[Back][1]

[1]: /home/responders/all