---
layout: page
title: Prepress Manager in Crofton, USA - 56
date:   2015-12-03 20:16:36 -0800
categories: post
comments: True

---

### What do you like to do in your free time?
<p>Drink

OK and go to concerts and travel and learn at historic sites.</p>

### What do you know the most about?
<p>Despair

OK and Adobe Creative Cloud apps, InDesign, Photoshop, Illustrator.</p>

### What do you like about the Listserve?
<p>One out of ten or so is very interesting and sometimes funny, I like hearing from people in different places.</p>

### What do you NOT like about the Listserve?
<p>Some people can get really preachy and self important about wanting to impart life changing advice - it can be a little hard to take from your average 22 year old Listservian. I'm 56 and have seen more than the average number of hopes, dreams and faith in humanity crashed upon the rocky cliffs of reality and human nature, my only salvation is I know most of their sprit will be stomped out of them by life soon enough.

OK you may have caught me on a bad day.</p>

### Why are you interested in this project?
<p>Because it might be something more than the same old "Change the world by making new ways to order in food and more places to complain about Politics" Internet Drivel.

Man, I miss Andrew Sullivan's Dish blog. It was damn near the only thing on the Internet not completely biased or full of blatant lies and clickbait apparently - I haven't found anything near it's quality since they retired it.</p>

### If there were Listserve 'Gods' and you could ask them a question, what would it be?
<p>How do you think you can get a more diverse group of people - especially people of different ages I suppose - using Listserve?

and

Why do you think Listserve found a natural level of a little over 20,000 people and topped out?</p>

[Back][1]

[1]: /home/responders/all