---
layout: page
title: Student in Computer Science in San Francisco, USA - 26
date:   2015-12-03 20:16:36 -0800
categories: post
comments: True

---

### What do you like to do in your free time?
<p>Currently a grad student so not a ton of free time but currently love rock climbing, enjoy some video games, and lots of socializing around food</p>

### What do you know the most about?
<p>I'd say my strongest skill is design thinking but I have a lot of knowledge of programming, especially iOS development. Don't if I "know the most" about anything</p>

### What do you like about the Listserve?
<p>Love the excitement of getting a cool tidbit from someone in the world. The randomness definitely adds to this. I love when I hear from someone that's very different from me or someone tells me something actually interesting that I might not run into otherwise</p>

### What do you NOT like about the Listserve?
<p>I really dislike the angsty, formulaic descriptions of young folk "unsure of what they want". It's a boring problem that everyone goes through and it's terribly unoriginal. Your struggle has something unique. Bring it up. I also dislike that people haven't thought beyond the basic use of the Listserve. So many cool things could be tried! Most aren't ready</p>

### Why are you interested in this project?
<p>Because I want to try something different! </p>

### Age
<p>What's your favorite post? Which post has surprised you beyond what you'd expect this would draw out? Do you wish you'd done anything differently?</p>

[Back][1]

[1]: /home/responders/all