---
layout: page
title: author, museums professional in Berlin - 26
date:   2015-12-03 20:16:36 -0800
categories: post
comments: True

---

### What do you like to do in your free time?
<p>Write a novel, read about non-fiction topics I'm researching at the moment, journaling, self-hypnosis, exercise while listening to a fiction audiobook, letter writing, watch Korean drama shows online, talk (long conversations) with friends, crafts (especially sewing, scrapbooks, paper crafts).</p>

### What do you know the most about?
<p>Museums (my M.Sc. is in Museum studies), metaphor and meaning-making, psychotherapy (having been through psychotherapy for years), anxiety disorders, living abroad, English, French and a bit of German, Canadian literature, a fairly wide scope of English literature, journaling, religions, piano.</p>

### What do you like about the Listserve?
<p>Communicating through writing is a very natural tendency for me, so I appreciate having the opportunity to connect with members of the world that are communicating through my favourite medium. I like how it gives each person the opportunity for self-reflection and to consider their value in the context of a 25,000 member audience. It is really neat and profound to be given a voice and be assured you will be heard.</p>

### What do you NOT like about the Listserve?
<p>I don't like the people feel somewhat bound by a particular format (many emails look and feel and read the same). I also don't like that people tend to make somewhat pithy or trite remarks, but it is also an interesting result of the forum and has its own value. </p>

### Why are you interested in this project?
<p>You (the person who created this opportunity to strategize and further develop off the Listserve concept) wrote very compellingly about ways to look more meaningfully at Listserve. Since the Listserve is already a place where people are reflecting and making a lot of meaning it is fascinating to take it further and make more meaning out of the ways that people are already being so purposeful. I don't have any particular ideas, but I'm very interested to see how this will manifest itself and I'm keen on participating.</p>

### Age
<p>None</p>

[Back][1]

[1]: /home/responders/all