---
layout: page
title: designer in Bloomington, USA - 47
date:   2015-12-03 20:16:36 -0800
categories: post
comments: True

---

### What do you like to do in your free time?
<p>What is this "free time" you speak of?

With Day Job and Parenting routines dominating my day from 6:30a until 10p, my remaining non-sleeping hours are a 4a-6:30a block. I use that to work on one of my side projects (now-abandoned dissertation, building a mentoring-learning application, game design, writing). Listserve Design Thinking will likely be slotted atop that list.</p>

### What do you know the most about?
<p>I'm a human-computer interaction designer who does a lot of writing. I have also played fantasy sports since 1985. My dissertation, back when I was actually pursuing a PhD, focused on the design of online political forum to facilitate more participation by women. </p>

### What do you like about the Listserve?
<p>I like to look for the patterns of communication and themes that connect diverse people. While many messages can become TL/DR, I do enoy the gestalt of all of them.</p>

### What do you NOT like about the Listserve?
<p>I live in constant anxiety, having never seen the "You have won the lottery" email, that I missed my chance to post something as my invitation to do so went to the spam folder at some point.

I'm a believer in the value of constraint. Twitter works well because of the forced brevity. 140 characters is too short for email, but I wonder what would happen to writing and reading if there was a max of 200 words. Most people seem to stay under 500 or so.</p>

### Why are you interested in this project?
<p>I like design discussions centered around improving community and connection. We'll see where this goes, but I am expecting good conversation.</p>

### If there were Listserve 'Gods' and you could ask them a question, what would it be?
<p>Is there an end?</p>

[Back][1]

[1]: /responders/all