---
layout: page
title: Product Manager in Belo Horizonte, Brazil - 32
date:   2015-12-03 20:16:36 -0800
categories: post
comments: True

---

### What do you like to do in your free time?
<p>Watercolor painting
Cooking delicious food, sometimes disasters 
Reading  
Board games with my friends
Sci Fi movies and series
Travel adventures 
Ashtanga yoga
And tea.</p>

### What do you know the most about?
<p>Digital products development
Product management 
Startups
Business plans/monetization
Social Business 
Journalism
Social Media
Marketing metrics
Some programming skills
Gender Studies
</p>

### What do you like about the Listserve?
<p>I like how you can have that feeling of wonder reading someone articulating the way they think, the things that make people happy, sad. How human it makes me feel, how I can find pieces of myself in the middle of someone's story, how different some people are from me and from what I know. And I love to learn...a new song, a new book or just a new way of seeing something.</p>

### What do you NOT like about the Listserve?
<p>I would like to see more diversity and people from other countries. I don't really like how the random thing is working. Or that the majority of the people that are  being selected come from the same country (US) and the same kind of background: educated, white and middle/upper class.</p>

### Why are you interested in this project?
<p>I'm currently finishing my post grad study in interaction design. We use design thinking for most of our projects and listserver is such a good and simple idea, I would love to see the kind of experience we can create together.</p>

### If there were Listserve 'Gods' and you could ask them a question, what would it be?
<p>How does the random selection work? Is it an algorithm that can be changed? 
Do you have an interest to actively expand abroad? </p>

[Back][1]

[1]: /home/responders/all