---
layout: page
title: Interdisciplinary artist and writer in Los Angeles, USA - 31
date:   2015-12-03 20:16:36 -0800
categories: post
comments: True

---

### What do you like to do in your free time?
<p>I work pretty minimally on a freelance design basis, so the remainder of my time is dedicated to... a) writing; a) running a music and arts publication called REDEFINE -- http://www.redefinemag.com; b) drawing and making mixed media geometric sculptures; d) going to film school for directing and making films. I'm kind of all over the place; e) wandering a LOT.</p>

### What do you know the most about?
<p>I've organized quite a few events in my day -- generally interdisciplinary in nature -- and am really good at planning and administrative stuff. I have a fair base of knowledge on a lot of practical things but am not really good with names and places and specifics because my memory isn't the best. :)</p>

### What do you like about the Listserve?
<p>I've always been someone who loved talking to strangers and hearing diverse points of view. I used to hold up a sign that says, "Talk to Us"  and stand for hours in various cities to try and gather the points of views of people I wouldn't otherwise meet in life. I'll pretty much give anyone the time of day, if I'm in a decent mood (most of the time). I like that Listserve allows people to read and share in a similar way, and that it allows opportunities for continued interaction if people so choose it.</p>

### What do you NOT like about the Listserve?
<p>Daily messages is kind of intense; I don't always have time to read anything though I would like to. I think the concept of a weekly digest (or something) could be cool.</p>

### Why are you interested in this project?
<p>The call-to-action speaks to me... particularly this section: "We think of every message as a pebble dropped in a lake. What’s interesting isn’t the pebble itself, but the ripples it causes. In short, it’s an opportunity to experiment with the world."</p>

### Age
<p>What are the main topics generally written about by Listserve people, and how does that match with their occupations and interests?</p>

[Back][1]

[1]: /home/responders/all