---
layout: page
title: Looking for a job in Cambridge, USA - 57
date:   2015-12-03 20:16:36 -0800
categories: post
comments: True

---

### What do you like to do in your free time?
<p>I like to be outside walking, rowing, and biking as well as x-country skiing in the winter. I also am a fiber artist who loves to work with yarn and fabric. I am a creative individual and spend a lot of my time reading about art and taking advantage of opportunities to learn more. I have practiced yoga for decades and also do a lot of cooking. I have a CSA each summer and enjoy trying to use the vegetables in unique ways. I always have a project going.</p>

### What do you know the most about?
<p>Higher education, child raising, art, knitting, sewing, cooking, yoga, travel, history.</p>

### What do you like about the Listserve?
<p>I enjoy reading all the unique stories and seeing what people share to such a large forum. I have never been chosen, but I read it almost everyday. On a very rare occasion I have responded to a writer.</p>

### What do you NOT like about the Listserve?
<p>That I have not been chosen! :)
That sometimes people get melodramatic or list a bunch of musicians and books without explaining why they are important to them. </p>

### Why are you interested in this project?
<p>I am curious about what will come together... 
Interested in seeing what develops and if it will be of interest to me. I decided to check it out and then I can decide if I want to participate.</p>

### If there were Listserve 'Gods' and you could ask them a question, what would it be?
<p>Why can't we all live in Peace and be civil and respectful of our differences.</p>

[Back][1]

[1]: /home/responders/all