---
layout: page
title: Advertiser in São Paulo, Brazil - 32
date:   2015-12-03 20:16:36 -0800
categories: post
comments: True

---

### What do you like to do in your free time?
<p>I love to watch movies, I always try to find new movies, b-movies, series, short films and new nice contents.
I also like books (I actually read them, dont just buy and keep on a shelf to show people).
Whenever I'm not reading or watching a movie, I'm playing soccer, football, video games or going out with friends.</p>

### What do you know the most about?
<p>Hard to answer, since I think you never know everything about anything, there is always something to learn. So my answer is not what I know most about, but what I study more about and that is advertising.</p>

### What do you like about the Listserve?
<p>Nice stories and insightful events, new perspectives about something and listserves that gives you something to think about.</p>

### What do you NOT like about the Listserve?
<p>Shout out to someone and pretensious stories or advices. In Brazil they say "if advice was good it wouldn't be free"</p>

### Why are you interested in this project?
<p>I like to go deep into things that I have interest.</p>

### If there were Listserve 'Gods' and you could ask them a question, what would it be?
<p>Why cant we engage in a conversation to more people about a specific listserve?
Thats what I want the most. Thats what I want from International Sharing Group and here.</p>

[Back][1]

[1]: /home/responders/all