---
layout: page
title: Data Analyst in Winnipeg, Canada - 29
date:   2015-12-03 20:16:36 -0800
categories: post
comments: True

---

### What do you like to do in your free time?
<p>I do photography and make videos! I also like exploring cities and riding my bike. Most of the time I find myself surfing the internet reading about art and design. So those two are part of my interests too.</p>

### What do you know the most about?
<p>I'm a professional and experienced market research analyst with 7 years experience. My areas of expertise include: competitive intelligence, market analysis, industry analysis, country analysis, SWOT analysis, strategy analysis, company profiling, people profiling, competitor profiling, and lead generation. Currently, I'm a data analyst for a market research firm in which I do collective data analysis using SPSS. </p>

### What do you like about the Listserve?
<p>I've been a member of the Listserve for a few years now. What I like about it is that every now and then I read something that I get extremely inspired with. Some stuff I can relate with. Other stuff I learn new things. </p>

### What do you NOT like about the Listserve?
<p>I get emails everyday. It could feel a little bit spammy but I could live with that.</p>

### Why are you interested in this project?
<p>It blows my mind of the possibilities that could be done using the Listserve medium. I want to be a part of that. Also, I've always wanted to be a part of creating something that would benefit a large number of people. This could be it.</p>

### If there were Listserve 'Gods' and you could ask them a question, what would it be?
<p>Are you open to curate the best Listserve emails (most inspiring, funniest, most informative) and have these printed as a book?</p>

[Back][1]

[1]: /responders/all