---
layout: page
title: Marketing manager in Cleveland, USA - 27
date:   2015-12-03 20:16:36 -0800
categories: post
comments: True

---

### What do you like to do in your free time?
<p>I play ice hockey in a men's league comprised of mostly men in their 30's or 40's. I also coach a youth hockey team of 12,13 and 14 year olds.

I enjoy writing about my passions including ice hockey, but also podcasts, fishing and narrative story telling.</p>

### What do you know the most about?
<p>I've worked in marketing for ~10 years. I wouldn't say that I'm wildly passionate about it, but I think I have learned a great deal about communication, branding and mass appeal.</p>

### What do you like about the Listserve?
<p>I like unique offerings, such as when someone uses the Listserve in an unconventional format. There was a submission early this year where the writer penned a note from Satan. It was funny, and unique.

I like simple stories from people's lives. I like when they're thought out and well formatted.

I like emails with white space.</p>

### What do you NOT like about the Listserve?
<p>People that cobble together an email at the last minute. Half of the text being used to explain that they have nothing to share.

Long lists of book/recipe/song recoomendations.</p>

### Why are you interested in this project?
<p>I've shared the idea of the Listserve with a lot of people. Some are initially interested only to relegate the emails to their spam folder relatively quickly.

Others, though, love it as much as I do. And we talk about the emails that interest us.

I am curious to see how this evolves. I was also drawn in by the design thinking.</p>

### If there were Listserve 'Gods' and you could ask them a question, what would it be?
<p>What have you had to reject? How many people try to push the boundaries?</p>

[Back][1]

[1]: /home/responders/all