---
layout: page
title: Retired pirate in Vernonia, USA - 69
date:   2015-12-03 20:16:36 -0800
categories: post
comments: True

---

### What do you like to do in your free time?
<p>Retired living on 15 acres of the NW Oregon Forrest keeps me busy maintaining and improving our 'campground'.  Retired = never get a day 'off'.</p>

### What do you know the most about?
<p>BS, physics; 34 years USN submarines, retired O-6 with command at sea and ashore. Now on 3 boards of directors involved with electric cooperatives.  Strong technical background.  Now I'm concentrating on being a better human being.</p>

### What do you like about the Listserve?
<p>Sharing life experiences, advice and passions is the best way to demonstrate we are never alone.  Someone else has lived through worse times, can trigger what may help get others through their difficulties and inspire you to realize your own potential.
It is 99.44% positive in a world full of divisive, cruel crap.</p>

### What do you NOT like about the Listserve?
<p>I'd like to see all links made without the games of guessing them.  Up to the reader to follow after Listserve editors verify and delete any spam, bots, corruption or non-secure crap.</p>

### Why are you interested in this project?
<p>Life goal is to "Leave my campground better than when I found it."  This could be a chance to pay it forward.</p>

### If there were Listserve 'Gods' and you could ask them a question, what would it be?
<p>N/A;  I accept and appreciate the mysteries.</p>

[Back][1]

[1]: /home/responders/all