---
layout: page
title: IT/Marketing in Vancouver, Canada - 33
date:   2015-12-03 20:16:36 -0800
categories: post
comments: True

---

### What do you like to do in your free time?
<p>live music, entheogenic experimentation, biking, reading (very broad tastes, but my mind candy is sci-fi and fantasy), esoteric magick, travel, bizarre social engagements.</p>

### What do you know the most about?
<p>Grammar and spelling, extreme metal music, psychedelics, online advertising, Wordpress, polyamory, politics, and social justice.</p>

### What do you like about the Listserve?
<p>The variety of life stories. The creative uses of a one-time soapbox. The rare email which is so engaging I'm disappointed when it ends. I have read every single one since I signed up on April 18, 2012, and I'm proud of that.</p>

### What do you NOT like about the Listserve?
<p>Advice from 25 year-olds. Poetry.</p>

### Why are you interested in this project?
<p>I'm not exactly sure yet. I love the idea of harnessing the people power of the Listserve. Being able to occasionally pepper the airwaves with updates on this group, while also soliciting more participants, is appealing to me. Providing something unique to the Listservians that may eventually attract greater numbers of people to the list is also quite intriguing.

And bettering society is certainly something that I want in on, if that's on the table. If it's just for funsies, I'm still curious as well.</p>

### If there were Listserve 'Gods' and you could ask them a question, what would it be?
<p>How do we grow our numbers without diluting the number of people who actually read and engage with the content?</p>

[Back][1]

[1]: /home/responders/all