---
layout: page
title: Life Coach in Tuxedo Park, USA - 39
date:   2015-12-03 20:16:36 -0800
categories: post
comments: True

---

### What do you like to do in your free time?
<p>I don't have a ton. :) I am a full time mom, homemaker, wife, and life coach. In my free time I like to read, listen to podcasts, do some yoga and meditation, and watch a bit of tv after my kids go down at night.</p>

### What do you know the most about?
<p>I know a lot about thought awareness, taking action, breaking things down into simple parts. I am a wonderful listener and I can see very quickly through people's stories. I know a lot about making big changes - moving, travel, big leaps, committing to big projects. It's what I enjoy talking to people about.</p>

### What do you like about the Listserve?
<p>It exposes and connects me to such a diverse, different, unexpected group of people. When the email shows up I think, "oooh..I wonder who it will be today!". I love connecting and hearing people's stories, thinking about what THEY thought was special enough to include in their ListServe lottery moment.</p>

### What do you NOT like about the Listserve?
<p>I have replied to a few people who ask for replies and not heard back. That always bums me out a bit I suppose. Otherwise I think the format is good.</p>

### Why are you interested in this project?
<p>I just love creative projects like this, especially ones that foster connection.</p>

### Age
<p>What is your biggest dream for this project? What would feel impossible to create next?</p>

[Back][1]

[1]: /home/responders/all