---
layout: page
title: Editor/Manager of Digital Experiences in Brooklyn, NY - 48
date:   2015-12-03 20:16:36 -0800
categories: post
comments: True

---

### What do you like to do in your free time?
<p>Read, cook, play board and card games with my daughter, walk, create terrible rhyming verse.</p>

### What do you know the most about?
<p>Books and bookselling, editing (prose), digital reading experiences, sundry bits of trivia.</p>

### What do you like about the Listserve?
<p>I love the "push" nature of the Listserve, the fact that it just shows up in my inbox, hence inviting me to interact with it differently than all the other things I deal with on my phone.  I like that it is lo-fi. I like the sense of serendipity with it, the real sense of finding the occasional four-leaf clover.  I like the democratic aspect of it, the notion that everyone gets a moment on stage.</p>

### What do you NOT like about the Listserve?
<p>Sometimes long periods go by when I see nothing but posts that don't interest me.  Sometimes I would like to invite a poster to do a follow-up.  I would like there to be an easy way (though maybe also lo-fi) to find out if other people were interested in the stuff I was interested in, and maybe connect with them.  I feel a bit like an island, receiving messages in bottles from other islands.</p>

### Why are you interested in this project?
<p>Because most of the opportunities I get to help make things come through work, where the desired end-state is more constrained.  This seems like a particularly intriguing possibility to help make something good and to work with people who are smarter than I am -- both of which are opportunities one shouldn't pass up.</p>

### Age
<p>what are the 10 best posts that ever were on the Listserv and how can I find other things written by those people.</p>

[Back][1]

[1]: /home/responders/all