---
layout: page
title: Business Student in Chicago, USA - 25
date:   2015-12-03 20:16:36 -0800
categories: post
---

### What do you like to do in your free time?
<p>Read, write, think, create (paint/knit/craft), see/hear bands/music, quality time with friends/family laughing and sharing stories</p>

### What do you know the most about?
<p>I know a little about a lot of things. I can literally do anything, with a little time and energy - but have mastered nothing. I suppose I know the most about literature and business management (which are very different beasts)</p>

### What do you like about the Listserve?
<p>The freedom. The freedom for those chosen to say/do/start anything they want with few limitations. The freedom as a reader to pick and choose what you take from the emails (or whether you even read them or not). The collection of thoughts and ideas from people that are otherwise strangers living in the same world I am. The listserve is amazing because there are so many voices</p>

### What do you NOT like about the Listserve?
<p>Its a lot. I have a folder of a years worth of emails still dying to be read. I read them, and I print them immediately and have thrown them all into a binder. Days go by and it slips my mind that I was supposed to read and print another email, and now I just can't catch up.</p>

### Why are you interested in this project?
<p>I am always drawn to doing something new and exciting and different from what I normally would be drawn to. I have no idea the direction (or even the purpose) of this project, and it makes me want to be a huge part of it. </p>

### If there were Listserve 'Gods' and you could ask them a question, what would it be?
<p>I imagine most people would ask the same thing I would: Will I ever get my chance to send one?</p>

[Back][1]

[1]: /responders/all