---
layout: page
title: Communications at an international nonprofit in New York, NY - 23
date:   2015-12-03 20:16:36 -0800
categories: post
comments: True

---

### What do you like to do in your free time?
<p>See friends, listen to music, cook good food, eat good food, read anything/everything, and explore NYC. </p>

### What do you know the most about?
<p>Writing, pop culture, international development. </p>

### What do you like about the Listserve?
<p>It's one e-mail a day that makes me feel. Whether it's today's e-mail about someone who lost their brother and mother within one week, or an e-mail about an embarrassing childhood story, I can read an e-mail from a complete stranger and feel elated, depressed, confused, or all of the above at once. 

I love the connections people can make through the listserve - friendships are formed, people meet up with one another in person, or people work collectively in some useful way (like this). I also like being able to tell people the stories and things I've learned from the listserve. </p>

### What do you NOT like about the Listserve?
<p>I kind of wish the e-mails weren't in plaintext, and I wish users could upload just one photo to their post if they wanted to. </p>

### Why are you interested in this project?
<p>I've been interested in design thinking but don't know too much about it, and I want to contribute to the listserve in some way! </p>

### Age
<p>Why did you come up with this listserve? Do you do any kind of marketing or communication of the listserve to attract more followers? </p>

[Back][1]

[1]: /home/responders/all