---
layout: page
title: retired rural mail carrier, full-time Grandmother in McMinnville, USA - 63
date:   2015-12-03 20:16:36 -0800
categories: post
---

### What do you like to do in your free time?
<p>Garden, sew and other needle crafts, read, cook for people I love, hike and camp in the woods</p>

### What do you know the most about?
<p>I have many knives, none of them are sharp. I have much experience with plants and animals, and with people, as a mother, grandmother, former hippie-commune-dweller, and mail carrier. I have taken a special interest in early childhood, with much reading in that area, as well as the practice of parenthood.</p>

### What do you like about the Listserve?
<p>I am, I observe from the emails I get, older than the average Listserver. Many emails elicit a strong mothering response from me, many make me hopeful that the world is populated with so many thoughtful, smart, decent human beings, all doing their best to make a good life for themselves and others by being the best person they can be, in spite of life's many challenges.</p>

### What do you NOT like about the Listserve?
<p>The fleeting sense of connection is largely illusory</p>

### Why are you interested in this project?
<p>Because the world is in great need of smart, concerned people working to solve a problem that doesn't involve making money for themselves</p>

### If there were Listserve 'Gods' and you could ask them a question, what would it be?
<p>What was your goal when you began this project?</p>

[Back][1]

[1]: /responders/all