---
layout: page
title: Advertising Account Executive  in Chicago, USA - 23
date:   2015-12-03 20:16:36 -0800
categories: post
comments: True

---

### What do you like to do in your free time?
<p>Browse the Internet, learn, swim competitively, travel and meet new people </p>

### What do you know the most about?
<p>Marketing and advertising, especially in the digital space (email, UX, social, websites). I work as an account manager at a digital ad agency on major brands to help them create compelling content and grow their brand. </p>

### What do you like about the Listserve?
<p>I love the idea behind it - random people getting a chance to share wisdom, a thought or a question with a global audience. People working and talking behind cultural or societal barriers. </p>

### What do you NOT like about the Listserve?
<p>Recently, the content or emails haven't been very compelling - causing me and others to lose interest. Each post should be a gem. Each should inspire or make you think, rather than use for sale or self promotion. Similar to HONY, each story should be unique and captivating. </p>

### Why are you interested in this project?
<p>An opportunity to connect with a global network of people who just want to have a voice </p>

### If there were Listserve 'Gods' and you could ask them a question, what would it be?
<p>How can we create a global forum for idea sharing that truly influences and inspires a community every single day?</p>

[Back][1]

[1]: /home/responders/all