---
layout: page
title: Artist in Los Angeles, USA - 32
date:   2015-12-03 20:16:36 -0800
categories: post
comments: True

---

### What do you like to do in your free time?
<p>In general I make a lot of visual art and I love working with my hands. 
I'm a very proficient maker, familiar with wood working, metal working, sewing electronics and construction. I also read a lot. </p>

### What do you know the most about?
<p>Fabrication techniques -or how to make things-. I love materials and methods and I'm always thinking about it and experimenting with new things.</p>

### What do you like about the Listserve?
<p>I like to read mostly short posts written by people who I wouldn't read otherwise. People who I don't follow elsewhere and that most likely don't post things on a regular basis. So yeah, stuff by random amateurs. </p>

### What do you NOT like about the Listserve?
<p>Advice. Mostly because there is so much and I don't know what to do with it.</p>

### Why are you interested in this project?
<p>I love the excitement that come from randomness. I don't think I have enough of it on the internet. I liken the experience to walking around and finding books at the library or cool things on the side of the road.
Granted, most of the time is normal, but there are wonderful things here and there.  

There is a good amount of excitement and surprise about finding but the internet can be very commercial so It's a lot about buying things. There is also that bubble created by an internet that wants to market things to me based on my history, and myself, just looking at things I want to look at. A self reinforcing bubble. This project is like a humble attempt at popping that bubble sometimes.</p>

### If there were Listserve 'Gods' and you could ask them a question, what would it be?
<p>Dear gods:

Can you satisfy their urges to self promote and give advice so they can 
get to the interesting bits faster?

Why not images?</p>

[Back][1]

[1]: /home/responders/all