---
layout: page
title: Engineer in Shanghai, China - 24
date:   2015-12-03 20:16:36 -0800
categories: post
comments: True

---

### What do you like to do in your free time?
<p>Blues dancing; Acro yoga; board games; making my life a little easier and better with systems, spreadsheets and programs; learning.</p>

### What do you know the most about?
<p>Ugh this is a tough question. I skipped it and came back to it and I still don't know. I know a lot of trivia about world history, science, philosophy, geography... I'm okay at programming. User Centred Design? It's hard to compare these areas of knowledge, and impossible to say whether I know more in any of these fields than anybody else in the group.</p>

### What do you like about the Listserve?
<p>I like to read about people's stories and passions, especially when they're more varied (not your typical American college student who doesn't know what he or she is doing with his/her life).</p>

### What do you NOT like about the Listserve?
<p>Lists of recommendations without context or justification. Thanks, internet stranger!
The single flow of information. Where's the update? How do I know what other people have to say on the subject? What came out of it?</p>

### Why are you interested in this project?
<p>I think it would be cool to work on a distributed team on a project (though I am a bit skeptical of our potential)
I like to participate in Listserve activities -- and want to enable others to do the same.</p>

### If there were Listserve 'Gods' and you could ask them a question, what would it be?
<p>Why has the number of subscribers not changed in like two years? is 23k the magic number? How do we get a wider (and more diverse) audience? Do we even want more subscribers? </p>

[Back][1]

[1]: /responders/all