---
layout: page
title: Educator/Business Owner/ Creative in Kaohsiung, Taiwan - 32
date:   2015-12-03 20:16:36 -0800
categories: post
comments: True

---

### What do you like to do in your free time?
<p>I just started a business mid-2015.  So free time is not something I have a lot of recently.  However, when I was free in a different lifetime I spend a lot of my time with my wife or playing online computer games.</p>

### What do you know the most about?
<p>I have educational backgrounds in History, Computer Science, Philosophy, and Adult ESL education.  I currently focus my time in studying business, marketing, and professional presentation/speech giving.</p>

### What do you like about the Listserve?
<p>I like the ability to receive e-mails from people all over the world.  My current business startup revolves around cross-cultural training and how to understand an international audience.  The core of this is based on teaching people that different cultures have different ways of thinking.  </p>

### What do you NOT like about the Listserve?
<p>There tends to be a large gap between people who put thought into their e-mails and others who just type something to just type something.</p>

### Why are you interested in this project?
<p>I am an American who has lived in Taiwan for nearly a decade.  I recently started up a co-working space and cross-cultural training center.  I spend a lot of time introducing expats to Taiwanese culture and Taiwanese to western logic and thinking.  Having access to 25,000 multicultural trains of thought would be immensely useful to build a better training program.</p>

### If there were Listserve 'Gods' and you could ask them a question, what would it be?
<p>I think I got "the e-mail" a long long time ago but might have deleted it without checking carefully.  I wish I could know if I was ever chosen.</p>

[Back][1]

[1]: /home/responders/all