---
layout: page
title: Graduate Student in Worcester, USA - 32
date:   2015-12-03 20:16:36 -0800
categories: post
comments: True

---

### What do you like to do in your free time?
<p>Sing, play guitar, collage, doodle, run, GO ON BIKE RIDES, read sci-fi, garden, swim in natural bodies of water, meditate, walk, dance, hike, do yoga, explore, listen to podcasts, cook </p>

### What do you know the most about?
<p>making maps, urban farming, working with youth, music, biking, </p>

### What do you like about the Listserve?
<p>I love how vulnerable people make themselves on the Listserve. It is far more engaging to me when someone tells a personal story in their email. I love getting a snapshot into someone's life, even if the total context from that story is missing. </p>

### What do you NOT like about the Listserve?
<p>When people use it to self-promote or give cliche advice.</p>

### Why are you interested in this project?
<p>I am currently taking a Community Organizing class in my graduate program which has gotten me thinking a lot about the issues we face and what steps we can take to try and solve those issues. I never thought of the Listserve as a "community", however, we must have some shared value that has led us to want to sign up for this. So we must be a community! Which means we can accomplish some sort of positive change in a world with problems that seem impossible to tackle alone.</p>

### If there were Listserve 'Gods' and you could ask them a question, what would it be?
<p>I can't think of anything at the moment... final exams are melting my brain</p>

[Back][1]

[1]: /home/responders/all