---
layout: page
title: Entreprener  in Brentwood, USA - 66
date:   2015-12-03 20:16:36 -0800
categories: post
comments: True

---

### What do you like to do in your free time?
<p>Meditate, write, learn about the world via the internet, enjoy my friends and family, read, make jewelry, "play" at designing beauty and peace in my home and garden, travel, help grow a greater sense of community in my new town, run a book club and a Community Connections group....LAUGH and Smile whenever possible.</p>

### What do you know the most about?
<p>Spirituality, work place, cultural and family diversity, problem solving (I am a solutionist); empowering and mentoring, being a solo entrepreneur, quality customer service, small business start-ups, non-profits, paralegal work.  I am one of the few "seniors" on the Listserve and I have a wealth of life experience that is not easily identifiable here.  I have, and still am, attending the University of Life Experience.</p>

### What do you like about the Listserve?
<p>I truly love the input from our diverse and interesting group.</p>

### What do you NOT like about the Listserve?
<p>I would like it if there was an opportunity for interaction with other Listservers and the specific author for further discussion of some topics.</p>

### Why are you interested in this project?
<p>I believe this to be a very unique and interesting opportunity to be a part of
transforming a piece of our world.  </p>

### If there were Listserve 'Gods' and you could ask them a question, what would it be?
<p>How can we best transform and improve our world through Listserve?</p>

[Back][1]

[1]: /responders/all