---
layout: page
title: Business Development Executive in Mumbai, India - 22
date:   2015-12-03 20:16:36 -0800
categories: post
comments: True

---

### What do you like to do in your free time?
<p>I like reading articles, stories, etc,. that is of interest and that can be helpful for me or anyone I know.
Also, photography is my hobby along with playing soccer. I follow the game closely.
And obviously, catching up with the shows that I follow plus playing on my PS4 console is what I truly like.. who doesn't like that?</p>

### What do you know the most about?
<p>There is no one particular topic that I know the most about but since I'm in the Online Advertising Industry (since a year), I can share some light on the industry. 
Soccer is another topic I know stuff about.
And oh yes! Body Language, posture, behavior, etc,. I can share knowledge on that front too.
</p>

### What do you like about the Listserve?
<p>The fact that I get to read an insight from a random person everyday at my convenience. Also, the stories, experiences, etc, are wonderful to read.
It gives us a platform and opportunity to connect with people who we would have never connected with.</p>

### What do you NOT like about the Listserve?
<p>There is nothing that I don't like.

A little secret
(sometimes I get bored and irritated with the stories that people share. it usually is because of my mood but that's alright I guess, right?)</p>

### Why are you interested in this project?
<p>Looking to help people has always been my motto. So if we can build something that would help us, I don't see any reason for me not being a part of it.

I'm always on the lookout for a change and interesting stuff to do so when this came up, I had no option but to go for it.
</p>

### If there were Listserve 'Gods' and you could ask them a question, what would it be?
<p>Ask them to share the demographics of the group so that people can connect better.</p>

[Back][1]

[1]: /home/responders/all