---
layout: page
title: Programmer in Washington DC, USA - 32
date:   2015-12-03 20:16:36 -0800
categories: post
---

### What do you like to do in your free time?
<p>Walk and listen to podcasts.</p>

### What do you know the most about?
<p>These days, Python and Django?</p>

### What do you like about the Listserve?
<p>The idea.</p>

### What do you NOT like about the Listserve?
<p>The execution.  90% of the emails on https://thelistservearchive.com/ are tedious uninspired drivel.  It's a shame people don't have anything to say on such an occasion.  There needs to be some kind of editorial panel, perhaps contributors are chosen, but then vetted by 100 randomly selected members of the community to upvote on to distribution to the whole list.

Bottom line the listserv is just not sufficiently exclusive.  I want to hear about people's ideas and opportunities to collaborate.  I absolutely do not want to be told every goddamned day to slow down and smell the roses, etc. etc.

I'd like to see the listserve limited perhaps to techies and contributors to Open Source projects.  People with ideas to share.  No entrepreneurs.  No whining.  And no no no more advice.  If you were caught off guard by winning the lottery, and have nothing to say, do us all a favor and pass on the opportunity to someone else.

Heh honestly I think I will unsubscribe now that I've taken a moment to articulate how annoying this list has become.  Wonderful idea tho so really, good luck!</p>

### Why are you interested in this project?
<p>Again, the idea.</p>

### If there were Listserve 'Gods' and you could ask them a question, what would it be?
<p>I don't understand the question?  Who else is already reading this survey?</p>

[Back][1]

[1]: /responders/all