---
layout: page
title: STEAM Teaching Fellow in St. Louis, USA - 23
date:   2015-12-03 20:16:36 -0800
categories: post
comments: True

---

### What do you like to do in your free time?
<p>I write, draw, animate, and create things. I try to spend my free time being creatively productive, as in, producing creative things.</p>

### What do you know the most about?
<p>Probably writing. I spend a significant amount of time reading and writing and talking about those things. I can reasonably discuss the merits and demerits of a piece and how to make it better.</p>

### What do you like about the Listserve?
<p>I like getting exposed to a variety of writing styles and perspectives. Too often I (and others) get caught in a feedback loop of what we already know. I like getting a taste of something foreign and different to take me outside of my usual circles.</p>

### What do you NOT like about the Listserve?
<p>When people spend their email complaining about other people's emails. If you have 600 words don't waste it on snubbing someone else's.</p>

### Why are you interested in this project?
<p>I'm curious as to how the listserve could be evolved because, at the moment, it seems to be a fairly stable series of shouts into the void with little binding community aside from base membership itself.</p>

### If there were Listserve 'Gods' and you could ask them a question, what would it be?
<p>I would want stats. What percentage of people respond to their winner emails? All the stats they have, I would want.</p>

[Back][1]

[1]: /responders/all