---
layout: page
title: Web developer, community organizer in San Diego, USA - 32
date:   2015-12-03 20:16:36 -0800
categories: post
comments: True

---

### What do you like to do in your free time?
<p>I like to have fun in my free time: involved in some local activity or project, or developing software, art or music.</p>

### What do you know the most about?
<p>Web development, Mandarin Chinese language, constructed languages, refugees, community organizing.</p>

### What do you like about the Listserve?
<p>Hearing people's unique perspectives, and the simple, open ended canvas that the daily message folks. It's also a fun thought experiment personally to wonder what message I might wish to share, and to reflect on how that answer changes for me over the years I've asked it.</p>

### What do you NOT like about the Listserve?
<p>Nothing unpleasant for me. Some messages are less meaningful to me, or occasionally express offensive viewpoints, but those same messages are likely meaningful to many other people.</p>

### Why are you interested in this project?
<p>Because this is what I was planning to do if I ever won! It's a tremendous community of listeners and storytellers that has organically grown and had a lot of potential. Thank you fort doing this!</p>

### If there were Listserve 'Gods' and you could ask them a question, what would it be?
<p>I would want to know what if any changes in their vision they have made along the way, and how the current community reflected what they set out to do at the start.</p>

[Back][1]

[1]: /home/responders/all