---
layout: page
title: Digital Strategist in Toronto, Canada - 32
date:   2015-12-03 20:16:36 -0800
categories: post
comments: True

---

### What do you like to do in your free time?
<p>I like to play music, cook, write and go drinking with friends.</p>

### What do you know the most about?
<p>I'm a digital strategist, so I have a strong grasp of content creation/distribution, online marketing, SEO, copywriting, social media, email best practices, etc.</p>

### What do you like about the Listserve?
<p>I love hearing unique perspectives and opinions from such a wide range of people. There's a lot of very strong writers who share interesting and engaging thoughts.</p>

### What do you NOT like about the Listserve?
<p>I don't like when individuals have obviously put little to no thought into what they'd like to write about, and as a result share a Listserve with little to no narrative or original thought. When this happens several days in a row it can be frustrating, however I recognize this is part of an open community that doesn't require an invite.</p>

### Why are you interested in this project?
<p>I'm always interested in working with/helping interesting projects and the Listserve is one of the most interesting and original online projects that I've come across.</p>

### If there were Listserve 'Gods' and you could ask them a question, what would it be?
<p>What's the most shocking Listserve you've received that wasn't published? What's the most shocking submission that was published?</p>

[Back][1]

[1]: /home/responders/all