---
layout: page
title: Consumer Researcher in Delhi, India - 24
date:   2015-12-03 20:16:36 -0800
categories: post
---

### What do you like to do in your free time?
<p>Read a mixture of non-fiction and fiction novels, articles, reportage, opinion pieces about the world's pressing political, economic, environmental issues. Trawl through music and film blogs looking for the latest and greatest of what's out there. Exercise, think, walk, explore, ask questions, spend time with my twin and friends, old and new, conversing about this and that.</p>

### What do you know the most about?
<p>Contemporary film, music and literature, scientific inquiry, how to think about your life and your decisions, the history of scientology,the future of space travel, international relations.</p>

### What do you like about the Listserve?
<p>The anonymity, the diversity of narratives and writing styles, understanding how people think and what they care about, the chance to learn something new or esoteric and be able to apply it to your life, feeling transported occasionally and in some sense, connected to the larger world and with a finger on the collective pulse of humanity.</p>

### What do you NOT like about the Listserve?
<p>The flatness of the form, the uni-dimensionality of the way the writing is experienced, the need for most people to acknowledge their surprise at winning their listserve, wondering when I will be chosen and whether I will have anything worthy to say.</p>

### Why are you interested in this project?
<p>A lot of what I do as a consumer researcher involves design thinking and understanding what human beings really want and how they interact with the world around them and how to make objects and experiences better integrated with these. To apply this process to something like the Listserve would be fascinating, and allow me to give back to a project or initiative that has given me a lot.</p>

### If there were Listserve 'Gods' and you could ask them a question, what would it be?
<p>How has the quality of listserve posts been affected by its growth?</p>

[Back][1]

[1]: /responders/all